all right before we start this episode
we just want to say that we've aired the
first five episodes of our unreleased
travel series we're filming the
Carribean last year and you can watch
the remaining 25 episodes on our
Instagram stories from Monday to Friday
yes our Instagram story there is a recap
of the first five episodes up right now
on Instagram because the first five are
gone forever and the sixth episode is
coming out tomorrow so if you haven't
already go follow yes theory but
instagram has tuned into the rest of
this very special travel series that
were very excited to be sharing with for
now enjoy episode 3 of our travel series
[Music]
we're gonna go do the red sea I've never
been to the Red Sea yet it's apparently
considered one of the best diving spots
in the world we actually got invited
there by this resort cool San hashish so
they're flying
[Music]
closers because they had seen the Thomas
meeting is Instagram erection episode
sometimes like found when he doesn't
know is that she's gonna come with us
tomorrow to the Red Sea to the reserve
that we're going to it Ellis's first
wanted to crash it's not consciously
know what's getting up at 10:30 a.m. in
less than two hours yeah that's two
hours of sleep that's great alright
enjoy to the busy day for you tomorrow
[Music]
and she's coming with a friend
is that in slow-mo yep ticket for Carl
Carl by Carl you get three first names
in Sweden your last one is the one is
308 AM T boobies feel wide awake yeah
the human body is really interesting how
you can sleep eight hours and be tired
and I guess that's one hour and I'm not
tired
dude waivers and we should give like a
speech on this around the world and
she's talking about your experience of
waking up at 3 a.m. and feeling more
wide awake than you when you wake up in
like fascinating okay the girls are here
what girls what why did no one tell me
until now I've been wearing a good shirt
don't know only guys alright
they say either paying it so close right
now it's 4/20 and this light is that for
three sets the Sun even boarding flight
movie and 25 minutes so they allow water
[Music]
mr. play
I'm sorry I really changed this like
so yes I'd like organized half this trip
yeah mr. flight I forgot their suitcase
we have the bag that he has but has all
this money so if he doesn't show up in
like a couple of hours on my bike I buy
you guys stuff for me
[Music]
I'm eating fiber gums it's good for you
that's all you say yeah also that's
really beautiful here
[Music]
[Applause]
yes oh cool
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow this orange juice
it's natural that's orange juice ever
had
the city of Salish actually hooked us up
with this place they heard that we're
coming through our friends criminal and
yes sir and they just flew us out here
got us this place and we're gonna be
experiencing what the Red Sea is like
for the next two days ours we've never
been hooked up this way so we're very
think it's gonna be the next best like
three days rooms
[Music]
[Applause]